In 2013 alone, Swipely jumped from 30 to 80 employees. Teams swelled and split, and people filled new roles with new directives. 
在2013年，Swipely员工数从30直接蹦到80，导致团队臃肿并且分歧严重，员工被各种新的行政命令分配到各种新的岗位。
It reached that ironic point where, while growing strong, a company is also at its most delicate — with culture, productivity and alignment all in flux. Smack in the middle of this sprint, at 50 employees, CEO Angus Davis knew he had to do something to keep everyone moving forward as a team.
它甚至达到了一个令人讽刺的地步，尽管公司强劲增长，但是它的文化，生产力和一致性都处于一种微妙的变化之中，夹在在这次冲刺之中的有50多名员工，CEO Angus Davis 认识到他必须做出改变以让团队中的每个人都必须向上的动力
He chose a well-known tool: OKRs. The system made famous first by Intel and now by Google asks all employees to outline their major objectives and the quantifiable actions (i.e. key results) it'll take to achieve them. It’s a technique designed for accountability and enforced with scores. But Davis knew he’d have to go further. After becoming Netscape’s youngest employee in 1996, working to launch Mozilla, and co-founding Tellme, he’d seen how hard it is to implement something that actually makes a difference.
他选择广为人知的工具OKR，这套起源于intel并闻名于google的系统要求所有员工制定各自的主要目标以及实现这些目标可量化的行动(即关键结果)，它是专为问责制设计，以分数作为衡量标准。但是Davis知道他必须力求改变做出更多。自1996年成为网景最年轻的工程师，开发Mozilla内核，联合成立Tellme公司之后，他知道做些真正有意义的事情是有多么的不容易。
That’s why, at Swipely, OKRs have become much more than a goal-setting system. They serve as a layer of communication that holds the company together and elevates its game at the same time. And in short order, they’ve become fundamental to Swipely’s culture, helping it hit a record $1 billion in sales under management this fall.
这也是为什么，在Swipely公司OKR不仅仅是设置目标的一个系统，它们服务于将公司凝聚在一起并提升效率的沟通方式中。在短期内，它们成为了Swipely公司文化的基石，今年秋天在它的管理下帮助公司实现了10亿美元的销售额
How did this happen? Davis says it was all in the execution. Just because a system’s worked like gangbusters before, doesn’t mean one size fits all. You have to figure out how to put OKRs to work for you.
这是如何发生的？Davis强调是因为执行力。OKR并非万能。你必须想清楚如何让它为你工作
Breathing Life into Acronyms
拥抱合作
There are few things people hate more than corporate acronyms — especially corporate acronyms that mandate work. To escape this stigma, Swipely has shifted the spirit of OKRs to be less about action items and more about collaboration.
相对于公司合作，人们讨厌日常的各种琐事。为了避免这种问题，Swipely将OKR定义为协作而不是纯粹的行动。
The reality is, a system was needed. “We had grown to the low eight digits in revenue, and we’ve got a lot of teams dependent on one another to succeed — no one person knows everything going on inside the organization anymore,” Davis says. “The right way to look at OKRs is a way to communicate so there’s clarity of purpose.”
事实是，OKR作为辅助系统是必要的。“我们的收入已经低到八位数，而且我们有很多团队互相依靠才能取得成功-独立的个人是不会知道组织内部的一切”Davis说。“将OKR看作是沟通方式，目标才会更加明确”
At Swipely, OKRs are made up of a high level objective, a more detailed description of why that objective is important, a summary of how the objective aligns with the broader goals of both the person’s team and the company, and the three to five key results that will help them achieve that goal (see below for examples).
在Swipely，OKR是由一个重要目标，该目标之所以重要的极尽详细的描述，该目标如何与个人团队和公司更广泛的目标保持一致的摘要以及3-5个帮助他们实现目标的关键性结果组成（举例），
When personal objectives are directly and clearly connected to the broader goals of the company, they’re suddenly more inspiring, less myopic. Make them public so everyone can see what’s on their co-workers’ plates and employees no longer feel like they’re toiling in a vacuum, or for their manager’s approval, Davis says. That way, OKRs become a built-in way for people to ask for resources, or easily spot where they can come to their colleagues' aid.
当个人目标直接清晰明了地和公司更广泛的目标出现交集的时候，他们会突然感到振奋而不是目光短视。Davis说，将它们公开，这样每个人都可以看到同事的盘子上的东西，而员工不再觉得自己在真空中辛苦工作或是为了征得经理的同意。通过这种方式，OKR就变成了员工取长补短的一种内部方式
“Having public goals forces different types of thinking around how people ask for help from others,” Davis says. Swipely’s implementation of OKRs is all about bringing this type of dialogue to the fore. Airing things out releases anxiety and let’s people get creative — and that’s when interesting things happen.
“具有共同的目标迫使人们围绕不同的方式思考人们如何寻求他人的帮助”，Davis说。Swipely对OKR的使用在于将对话的方式摆在了明面上。冥想会缓解焦虑并激发创造性-此时就会发生有意思的事情
The Musts
Davis embraces the fact that Swipely’s OKR system is probably different from Google’s, which is different from Intel’s and so on — but there are some key tenets that every system needs to be effective. As he puts it, “Every church or temple might have a different interpretation, but the overall philosophy stays the same.”
Davis强调Swipely公司的OKR有别于google公司的，而google公司的同样有别于Intel的。但是不管是哪家公司的哪种OKR都有相同的宗旨那就是变得更有效率。他补充道：“每座教堂或者寺庙都有不同的教义，但是普适的道理是相通的”
All high-performance OKR systems have these commonalities:
所有表现好的OKR系统都有这些相同性：
* “The ability to track results on a quantitative basis.” Key results are not general or subjective actions you plan to take. They should always include numbers to make it clear how much has been achieved. For example, if Mary’s objective is to improve her sales prospecting skills, one key result might be to spend two hours a week shadowing Jennifer, the team member who demonstrates the most prospecting success.
* “量化结果的能力”。关键结果不是你计划采取的一般或主观行动。它们应该包含一些数字让如何实现变得更加清晰。例如，如果Mary的目标是提高她的销售技巧，一个关键结果应该是每周花费两个小时盯着Jennifer，因为他的销售技巧在整个团队中是最好的。
* “Make it something people look at, every quarter, every week, every day.” This consistency turns goal-setting into a habit and changes how people think about their work and approach their everyday to-dos. “It puts in place natural milestones that make you think about what you need to do next and aim high.”
* "让它变成人们每时每刻关注的事情"。这种坚持会将目标设定变成一种习惯并能够改变人们对于自己工作的旧有观念从而帮助他们完成每天需要完成的任务。它设定了里程碑使你从长远角度思考下一步需要做什么。
* “They have to be a stretch.” Most people wouldn’t consider 70% to be a good grade, but for OKRs that’s just about perfect, Davis says. You want your objectives to be ambitious enough to push you beyond your limits. When everyone does this, it forces the tough conversations about what's truly needed to beat expectations.
* “它们应该是可拓展的”。大多数人不会认为70分是个很好的成绩，但是对于OKR来说70分已经算是完美了，Davis说。你希望自己的目标足够雄心勃勃以超越你的极限。当每个人都这样做时，它会迫使人们思考什么才是超越期望所真正需要做的。
Davis created the following examples (and many others) to help guide people in defining their OKRs:
Davis原创了以下几个例子(还有很多其他的例子)来帮助引导人们定义他们的OKR：
Paul, a member of Swipely’s engineering team
Paul,是一个Swipely公司工程师团队的一员
Objective: Ship [X] feature to increase engagement.
目标：想方设法提高客户参与度
Description: Our [X] will allow merchants to access Swipely anywhere, increasing engagement, value and differentiation which will reduce churn and differentiate our offering with an exciting new value proposition.
描述：允许商家在任何地方访问Swipely以提高参与度，品牌价值和产品差异化以减少客户流失并通过令人振奋的新价值主张让我们的产品和服务脱颖而出。
Alignment: A company-wide objective is to “Become a ‘must-have’ tool merchants love to use,” which has a key result, “Ship [X] product to increase engagement and drive excitement in sale.” The individual objective to ship [X] is aligned with this company-wide objective.
合作：公司层面的目标是“成为商家爱不释手的餐厅管理工具”，这个目标的关键点在于“提升参与度并激发销售额”。所以个人目标和公司目标是相辅相成的
Key Results:
关键点：
* Deliver alpha version to targeted devices for alpha testing feedback from 10 early customers by [date: mm/dd/yyyy].
* 在指定日期前将早期测试版本发送到目标设备来收集前10个早期客户的测试反馈
* Provide screenshots/screencast to support marketing launch of the app by [date: mm/dd/yyyy].
* 在指定日期当天提供截图或截屏以支持app市场推广
* Release beta version by [date: mm/dd/yyyy].
* 在指定日期发布测试版本
* Achieve engagement DAU / MAU metric of [X] with beta audience.
* 与测试版的客户达成DAU/MAU互动指标
And on the other side of the spectrum…
以及一系列的其他方方面面......
Cindy, a sales account executive who wants to turn more dials into demos.
Cindy,一个销售主管，她希望将更多的通话内容转换成一个个演示示例
Objective: Develop better prospecting skills.
目标：提升销售技巧
Description: By improving prospecting skills, I will get into more initial presentations and win more business!
描述：通过提升销售技巧，获得更多内推机会从而赢多更多订单
Alignment: A company-wide objective is to “accelerate revenue growth,” which has a key result, “grow booked ARR by $XX to $YY mm, thanks to new AEs, channel, and fully ramped AEs.” The individual objective to improve prospecting skills is aligned with this company-wide objective because it will help Cindy attain her quota targets. It also aligns with a company-wide objective to strengthen the team.
合作：公司层面的目标是“业绩加速增长”，这个目标有个关键点在于“得益于新的全面提升的AE和渠道升级，预定的ARR增长$XX到 $YY mm”。个人目标和公司目标是协同的，因为它会帮助Cindy获得个人目标业绩也能帮助公司增强团队凝聚力
Key Results:
关键结果：
* Review training materials from our online coaching resource.
* 在线上培训资源中查看培训材料
* Do 2 60-minute game tape reviews with the sales manager, reviewing 20+ prospecting calls for coaching on what’s working, what’s not working.
* 与销售经理进行2次60分钟的录像带回顾，回顾20多个潜在客户以了解什么是有效的，什么是无效的。
* Do a role-playing session with Allie, who has our team’s top connect-to-meeting rate.
* 和Allie进行一个角色扮演，Allie的客户引流能力在我们团队是最强的
* Test 5 new “compelling reason” pitches on prospecting calls to introduce humor, rapport and other techniques.
* 在探访电话中使用5种新的“具有说服力的理由”来引入幽默，融洽和其他技巧。
* Increase my weekly connect-to-meeting rate from X% to Y%.
* 将每周客户引流能力从x%提升到y%
Davis spent hours assembling these archetypes and a central document about the OKRs process. This is solidly CEO territory, he says. As he wrote in his introduction to the document, “OKRs are critically important to me, to our board, and they should be important to you too. Having clear objectives, especially those tied to developing your skills, are a key part of career development here at Swipely.”
Davis花费了很长时间来研究OKR模型并总结相关文档。这绝对是CEO所需要做的事情，他说。在这个文档的推荐序中，他这样写道：“OKR对我个人和董事会来说极其重要，它对你来说也应该同样重要，拥有一个明确的尤其是和自己的技术提升相关的目标是Swipely公司职业发展中关键的一部分”
He beats the drum every quarter. Since OKRs launched, the first All Hands of every quarter has been devoted to talking about them. “The idea is to spend the beginning quickly running through results from the previous quarter, and then use the rest of the time improving how to use OKRs and why they are important. Only then can you talk about the objectives for the next quarter.”
每个季度都要反思。自从OKR在公司内部建立起来，公司一把手每个季度都在讨论他们。“一般会在会议开始阶段快速回顾上个季度的结果，然后使用剩下的时间讨论如何提高OKR的使用效率。只有这样才能继续部署下个季度的工作目标”
During this part of the meeting, Davis asks the heads of each department to talk about how they performed against past OKRs and what they plan to do over the course of the next three months. “Everyone should come out of this meeting with a clear understanding of where the company’s going and why,” Davis says.
在会议关于OKR的部分，Davis让各个部门的领导讨论他们在上个周期对OKR的使用情况以及他们计划在下面三个月如何使用OKR。Davis说：“每个人都应该在这个会议上清楚地了解公司的发展目标以及为什么要实现这些目标”
Why Stretch Goals?
为什么要延伸目标
People love hitting their marks. Crossing off every to-do is always the goal. But when it comes to effective goal-setting, you should never get to 100%. If you do, you’re not trying hard enough.
人们喜欢完成任务并各个击破。但是当进行有效的目标设定时，你绝对达不到100%。如果你达到了那只能说明你没有足够努力。
If you don't set your goals high, you won't force the right questions.
Swipely CEO Angus Davis.
如果你没有将目标设的远大，你将不会将注意力集中到正确的问题上。
It’s not enough to say you want to see 10% improvement when you know that’s well within your reach. It means you’ll just keep doing the same things, just working ever so slightly harder.
在能力范围之内实现10%的改善是不够的，因为这意味着你只需要继续做同样的事情，只是稍微付出点努力就够了。
“But if I said to you, I need 50% improvement in what you’re doing,” Davis says, “you’d probably say, ‘Gosh, in order to do that, I’d have to completely solve this hard problem’ or ‘I need to completely rethink how I’m addressing X or Y.’ That’s what OKRs are supposed to do. When you aim higher, you think harder about the steps you need to take to really achieve something.”
“但是如果你对自己说，我要在自己的领域实现50%的提升”Davis说，“你可能会说，天哪，为了实现这些目标我必须要完完全全解决当前这个棘手的问题”或者“我应该重新思考如何称呼X或者Y”这就是OKR所做的事情
The Kiss of Death: Performance Reviews
死亡之吻：绩效考核
While some companies fold OKR results into annual performance reviews, Davis is adamant about decoupling these processes, especially if compensation is involved. “OKRs are not designed to be used as a weapon against your employees,” he says. “They are a tool for motivating and aligning people to work together. They increase transparency, accountability and empowerment."
尽管有些公司将OKR指标核算到绩效考核中，而Davis坚决不这样做，即使考虑到薪酬。“OKR不是被设计出来对付员工的”，他说。“它是激励员工，提升凝聚力的一种工具”它提高了公司的透明度，问责制以及授权制度
For example, Davis says, members of Swipely’s sales team have part of their compensation tied to the number of deals they close. That makes sense. But if OKRs were always tied to money, you’d never see other, diverse objectives in the mix. A salesperson would never create an objective to improve a training program, for instance, even though training programs are vital to the company’s overall success.
Davis说，比如说Swipely公司的销售团队成员的部分薪酬和成交笔数有关，那是有意义的。但是如果OKR总是和金钱相关，你将不会看到其他各种目标。销售员工不会设定一个用于提升培训技能的目标，即使培训计划对公司的整体成功至关重要
But that’s not the only problem. “Let’s say we bring OKRs into a performance review, and punish the person for scoring lower than maybe they had hoped — they go without their bonus. That just encourages them to sand bag their OKRs from there on out. They won’t stretch. They won’t push hard.” In short, they’ll play it safe. And that’s when startups stagnate.
而且这会产生其他问题，“假设我们在绩效考核中引入OKR并惩罚那些得分低于期望值的人-他们没有奖金。那样只会鼓励他们将OKR抛到脑后从而让OKR不可持续下去，员工也将不会努力工作”。简而言之，他们会小心翼翼，而那时就是初创公司停滞不前的时候。
Putting distance between reviews and OKRs has another positive side effect. Before the OKR system was instituted at Swipely, most employees got all their praise and/or feedback in one big chunk during their performance reviews. Now, with regular OKR updates and reviews spurring increased dialogue between employees, their co-workers and managers, recognition can be spread out over time, which tends to be more rewarding.
将OKR和绩效考核分开还有另外一个积极的影响。OKR系统在Swipely公司建立之前，大多数员工只能在他们的绩效考核中才能看到鼓励和反馈(或批评)的评价。现在，通过定期OKR更新和审查促进了员工之间的对话，他们的同事和经理认可度会随着时间的流逝而广泛传播，这是可以带来更大的回报的
How it Works in Practice
现实中是如何运用的
At Swipely, OKRs aren’t only a quarterly affair. Davis checks in on his immediate reports every week, and encourages his leadership to do the same. They believe people should be held publicly accountable for failing to regularly update their OKRs, and Davis even shapes his management meetings around them.
在Swipely,OKR并不是一种季度性事务，Davis会每周检查他的即时报告并鼓励领导层也要这样做。他们认为人们应该对未能及时更新OKR而负公共责任，Davis甚至会围绕OKR制定管理会议。
“We start each meeting and I ask people to give me their quick wins — one or two things they or their team has achieved in the last week that are notable. Then I say, ‘Okay, now looking at your OKRs, what progress has been made? What are the areas that are still keeping you up at night? Where do you need help?' Everyone shares one or two things that are causing them the biggest concerns about hitting their OKRs and that guides the meeting’s conversation in the right direction.” Because they’re always focused on removing roadblocks, they never feel like they’re wasting time, Davis says.
Davis说“我们开始会议的时候我会让员工给我说说他们最近一周所取得的具有代表性的1到2件成就，然后我说，‘好的，看看你们的OKR，取得了什么样的进展？又是什么方面让你们熬夜通宵？你们在哪些方面需要帮助？’每个人指出一到两件会影响到自己OKR的问题这样就能够使得会议朝着更好的方法发展”。因为他们总是关注消除障碍，他们从来不会觉得实在浪费时间。
Outside of management meetings, he believes OKRs make it easier than ever to keep people focused and collect feedback. Employees are encouraged to spend time defining their own OKRs and then to meet specifically with their managers to incorporate their feedback. This update should happen within the first week of a new quarter — after the prior quarter’s OKRs have been scored and discussed.
在管理会议之外，他认为OKR能够让员工比以往更轻松地关注和收集反馈。鼓励员工花费时间定义自己的OKR，然后与他们的经理开专门的会议去吸收他们的反馈。这种更新应该发生在每个季度的第一周，之后应该给OKR打分以及讨论OKR的使用情况
Swipely uses SalesForce’s Work.com platform to track people’s OKRs even as they make progress.
Swipely使用SalesForce的线上工作平台来追踪员工在OKR方面取得的进展
If, for example, your objective is to drive more leads, one of your key results might be to create a live chat feature to drive a certain number of new leads a month. “When you get the live chat feature pushed to the website, you can mark your key result at 30% done. Then when you start getting close to your target number of leads, you might mark it at 60% done.” At any point, your manager can check the system to see where you’re at and if you need help.
例如，如果你的目标是吸引客户，那么关键结果之一可能是创建一个实时聊天功能以每个月吸引一定数量的新增用户。“当你将实时聊天功能发布到网站上时，你可以标记自己达成了30%的完成度。然后当你开始接近你的目标客户时，也许你已经完成了60%。”在任何节点，你的经理都可以检查你目前所处的位置以及你是否需要帮助。
“Grading should be a simple exercise at the end of every quarter, five minutes tops,” says Davis. You score an objective by averaging the individual key result scores underneath it. This is also why it’s so important to make those key results quantitatively measurable.
Measuring OKRs should be easy. Defining them is where you want to spend your time.
“评分应该是每个季度结束时的简单练习，5分钟足够了。”Davis说。你可以使用目标下面独立的一个个关键结果的评分来为目标确定最终的分数。这也是为什么关键结果的可量化能力是非常重要的。
Swipely’s Work.com system also makes offering feedback to people or their managers as simple as clicking a button — same goes for requesting feedback from someone specific. “You can tag the people who you want feedback from just as easily as you add tags to a photo, and they can give you private one-on-one feedback about whatever you want.”
Swipely的线上系统同样可以一键发送反馈给到员工或者管理人-向特定的人请求反馈也可以通过这种方法。“给你想要的获得反馈的人点击发送按钮就像给照片打标签一样简单，他们会私下和你一对一沟通反馈你所想要的东西”
Skill-building is a major emphasis for Swipely’s OKR system, and Davis is especially keen about helping people develop in areas where they want to improve.
技能培养是Swipely公司OKR系统的重中之重，并且Davis特别希望帮助员工发展他们想要提高的技能。
“When it comes to developing skills, it’s more about continual coaching,” he says. “We actually require that every person on our sales team have at least one skill development objective. It’s not something like book a certain number of sales. It’s about their personal career development. It could be as simple as someone wanting to read more on a particular topic.”
“发展技能更多的是持续不断的练习”，他说。“事实上我们要求每个销售部门的员工都有至少一个技能发展目标，它和你制定销售目标是不一样的，它关乎员工的职业发展。它可能就像某个人想要阅读特定话题的更多内容一样简单”
Davis is so intent about this that he has a standing meeting with the head of sales every month to see how each person’s skill development objective is coming along and whether they can leverage any of the company’s resources to help them win.
Davis对此很关心，每个月他会和销售领导有个站会以检阅每个人的技能目标实现如何以及是否提供公司的资源以帮助他们完成技能目标
Bottom Up, Not Top Down
自下而上，而不是自上而下
In order to maximize impact across the board, OKRs need to be a tool for the bulk of employees, not a requirement.
为了最大程度发挥OKR在公司的整体影响力，它应该成为广大员工赖以使用的工具而不是被迫使用的工具。
You want 60% of your company’s OKRs to be defined by employees, not leadership. You don’t want the executives coming in dictating what all the goals are going to be and letting them trickle down.
你应该让公司60%的OKR由一线员工来定义而不是领导层。你不应该让高管来决定所有的目标是什么，因为这样会让员工意志消沉。
As an example, he highlights Swipely’s commitment to improving training programs, especially for its large and rapidly growing sales team. “We heard from a number of people that they want to develop better skills in certain areas, and now we have a goal at the very highest level of the organization to keep expanding our training opportunities. As key results, we’ve hired a dedicated sales training person and brought in an outside consultant to talk about particular skills that will help the team win more consistently.”
例如，他重点强调了Swipely对提高培训课程的承诺，尤其是公司规模最大，增长最快的销售团队。“我们知道有些员工非常希望能在特定领域提升技能，现在我们设定了一个非常远大的目标来扩大我们的培训机会。作为关键结果，我们已经雇佣了一个杰出的销售培训人员和一个来讨论特定技能的专业顾问来帮助团队持续不断地赢得成功”
The Beauty of Alignment
协同之美
Just over four months ago, Swipely opened up an important new source of revenue — channel partners who promote the service to their networks. Before that, the company was solely dependent on in-house direct sales, so this is an exciting development. And, to a large extent, OKRs made it possible.
仅仅在过去的4个月里，Swipely开辟了一项重要的新的收入来源-那些需要提升线上服务的渠道客户。在那之前，这家公司完全依赖门店直营销售，所以这是一个激动人心的突破。在很大程度上，OKR发挥了重要作用
In order for the channel partnership team to get traction, it was going to need heavy duty marketing support from day one. Not only did they need to explain the program to prospective partners, they needed to empower them with marketing collateral and build a community to engage them, answer questions and track their progress. There were a lot of big asks all at once that weren’t easy to anticipate.
为了使渠道伙伴获得更大优势，从第一天起就需要市场营销部门的大力支持。他们不仅需要向潜在客户说明目前的项目，还需要通过营销抵押授权给合作伙伴，建立社区吸引他们参与，并开始答疑且追踪他们的进度。这中间有很多复杂要求会同时出现，就很难预测下一步。
Because the OKR process is standard across teams, Davis had the ability to make sure marketing’s goals were in line with channel partnerships’ needs.
因为OKR是跨团队来衡量的，Davis必须让营销部门的目标和渠道伙伴的需求一致。
“I could shuttle the marketing OKRs to the person running the channel partner program and straight up ask him: ‘Ok, if we do even just 70% of this stuff, it’ll be a home run for you guys, right?’” Davis explains. “But the first time I showed him the list he said no, what we really need is X, Y, Z. It forced the conversation, and let me go back to the head of marketing to say, ‘Hey, this isn’t going to cut it.’ If it hadn’t been for OKRs, we might not have had that conversation until the end of the quarter.”
“我会将营销OKR给到负责渠道伙伴项目的负责人并直接问他：‘这样，如果我们做到70%，你们就算大功告成，可以吗？’”Davis解释道，“但是第一次给他展示清单的时候他说不行，他们需要的是X,Y,Z。经过反复沟通之后，我回去告诉他‘放心，我们是不会削减的目标的’如果不是OKR，我们到季末都不会有那次谈话”
The result: The channel partner team got the resources it needed from not just marketing, but also sales and operations to become a major and growing stream of revenue for the company.
结果是：渠道合作伙伴不仅从营销中获得了资源，销售和运营也成为了公司主要的收入来源，并且持续增长。
Still, Davis says, one of the best outcomes is that he now hears people talking casually in the halls in the context of their OKRs. It’s a sign that people feel connected to the company and where it’s headed. And that gives him faith, he says.
然而，Davis说，最大的惊喜是他现在在公司随时能听到员工讨论OKR了。这是员工和公司紧密相连的一种标志并增强了他的信心，他说。
“We created OKRs because we were getting to a size where I or the leadership wouldn't be able to and wouldn’t want to weigh in on every little decision — now everyone in the company has the framework to make decisions in Swipely's best interest and a support system to build the skills that will take them to the next level.”
Davis说：“我们创建OKR是因为我们的公司到达了一个我和公司领导层都不想针对每一件小事都需要做出决定的规模。现在公司的每个员工都可以针对Swipely最核心利益做出决定，同时有一套支持系统来帮助他们提升技能，帮助他们走上新的高度。”
//中文优秀翻译 http://www.daokr.com/article/show/6472.html
